We've discussed the need for servers in the Cloud.
In your EC2 lab,
you stood up your own server.
AWS provides services that make the process of standing up
servers and deploying your applications to them even easier.
Elastic Beanstalk is an orchestration service,
that allows you to deploy a web application at the touch of a button,
by spinning up or provisioning all of the services that you need to run your application.
This service is essential because it automates the process of
getting applications setup on the Amazon web services infrastructure.
At the click of a button,
Elastic Beanstalk can create an EC2 instance,
setup auto-scaling, and an elastic load balancer for you.
You still retain control of the services automatically spun up,
and you can administer them separately if you so choose.
Elastic Beanstalk supports Java, PHP,
Python,.NET, Node.js, Ruby, and Docker,
and several common cert rephrase,
and several common servers like Apache, HTTP,
Tomcat, Engine X, IIS, etc.
Elastic Beanstalk can even spin up database instances for you,
VPCs and security groups all while deploying your code.